Joseph sat in the back of a class listening to an emissary of the hive drone on about colonising the system they were going to pass in the next 10 years. The Conjoiners insisted that the best way to ensure the continuation of their species would be to scatter seeds of thought throughout the Milky Way. "Can I help you Joseph? You seem to be rather distracted" Galiana asked. Joseph slouched in his chair and stared at the ground kicking his feet like a teenager before raising his eyes to hers "Why are we even considering colonisation efforts if we know for a fact that eventually the Wolves will find us?". "You should know that we have many such colonies that are careful to grow their population and manufacturing ability slowly over time to not attract the attention of the Wolves". "Yeah but... to what end? We don't possess a weapon that would be sufficient to guard against them if they did appear, and then we'd likely end up in a situation like the primary. Constantly running". Galiana sighed and waved her hand the displays hovering before her students dropping "Class dismissed, Joseph. A word". The students filed out of the room and he stepped forward toward her desk, the augment on her face glowing red as her mind chattered away with the rest of the hive. "If you don't wish to be a colonist why don't you join the hive and have your augment installed?" Joseph rolled his eyes slamming his fist on the table looking at her "I understand why the hive is scared... but we're one of the last remaining civilisations in this god forsaken galaxy that has the capability of actually stopping the Wolves". Galiana blinked twice looking up at him "We've thought about it and it's not a risk we're willing to take". "But you're willing to take the risk of inaction? You do realise the Wolves can still get us if they catch up to us. I bet there's a long line of them following our little oasis right this moment". "You would win that bet" she responded rather quickly, he always knew that the Conjoiners knew plenty and only taught the colonists enough to be useful but not enough to actually form any other wild ideas. "So the conclusion of the hive is to continue travelling through the Milky way until we fling ourselves off the edge like a plate spinning too quickly? Go for a little jaunt in the void of deep space?". Galiana sighed and watched him with a thoughtful stare, "We have information about a weapon. But to use it would put everyone here at risk. So we have chosen to let another use it, and maybe in a thousand years the Wolves would be dead." "Maybe?? You've got to be kidding me. What if there's no-one out there to even wield the sword?".  "That is a possibility. This conversation is over please leave Joseph." Galiana stood and walked out of the classroom leaving Joseph's head spinning with thoughts, with rage, with curiosity. What is the weapon that she was talking about and has anyone actually proposed a plan that wouldn't put the primary hive at risk?