
The black domain is a concept shared by both Alistair Reynold's 'Revelation Space' and Cixin Liu's 'Three Body Problem'. It's described as a region of space where the speed of light is altered such that no matter and very little to no light gets past the edge. These regions of space are seen as a defense mechanism against external foes that wish to destroy the civilisation that aims to live inside. 

I wish to use the concept of Black Domains and the civilisations inside them like moats. They are constructed from black holes that are programmed or inflated such that there is normal space on the inside and simply a bubble of super dense matter surrounding the star and planets inside. The benefit of these black holes is that they can still send information along the thin edge of this bubble with sufficiently enough energy to communicate with the outside universe. The communication works such that the laser must be parallel to the surface and the regular light that comes from the star inside doesn't escape. In this way the light surfs down and up the edge of the bubble of dense space and can be picked up by observers outside the domain.

In Revelation Space there are these entities called the Inhibitors or Wolves which are hell bent on destroying all sentient life in the galaxy. The justification for this being the great merger of the Andromeda galaxy with the Milky way some billion years in the future. Regardless of how logical their conclusion they are still a powerful force to be reckoned with. In Alistair Reynolds latest book Inhibitor Phase a man goes on a mission to find a weapon to disassemble the nasty robots. They aren't destroyed or deterred from massive energy weapons and will often use them on their attackers. In this case it would make sense for the weapon to be a field or information that can be transmitted to destroy the underlying machines. 

In order to have a sufficiently balanced weapon that would allow for a unique progression of the universe in future this field could be transmitted by the black domains. Somehow matter or energy could be pushed along the dense edge creating a gravity wave that emanates around the region of space. As the civilisations retake the galaxy and expand they must capture and convert as many black holes into computers or black domains in order to continue this expansion of the field across the galaxy. This means there would reasonably be wars for thousands or millions of years as hapless humans unaware of the dangerous entities across the galaxy expand and find relics of this great war that almost pushed humans to extinction.

In a future story I would like to reintroduce the other half of the alien species that inhabits the Black Domains which also inhabit Neutron stars as computational intelligences. I would like to expand on the ideas of the hyperpigs and conjoiners - genetically engineered pigs and cyborgs. Ideally eventually the race that is depicted in The Revenger Trilogy would be created - a dragon like creature with a massive bird head and twinkly computational shared consciousness inside. Perhaps the field generated could be used for purposes other than disrupting the Wolves and could be reused to form a galactic super highway of computational neutron stars eventually finding deeper ways to manipulate black holes. In the end they could reprogram the destination of the supermassive black hole at the centre of the Milky way to connect to another region of space at the centre of a different galaxy.

# More concepts

Black domains could behave like warp bubbles where the bubble is asymmetric causing the space inside to be stationary while the space outside can be moved around the surface making the domain itself a ship capable of travelling faster than light. 

The Conjoiners having observed the Inhibitors from a distance in the first book use the idea of a magnetic drill to use the energy of a star to accelerate a solar system along with its planets creating a solar system sized ship (albeit without the protection of a moat). The Conjoiners are the only significantly advanced faction of humanity left with the capability of outrunning the Inhibitors as well as planting new life in the systems they travel past. The main character receives communication from the last light of humanity about a field... a field capable of destroying the inhibitors. They've already used it with the Amarantin's Black Domain at a smaller scale eliminating the wolves in a small pocket of the Milky way but wish that the Conjoiners use their technology to stop running and to program the field into the supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy. The denser stars and planets make for a more dangerous place as Wolves like to hide in nooks and cranny's and if the Wolves find out what the Conjoiners are doing. They won't be likely to sit back and watch. The story would include a ship departing from the safety of the Conjoiner home system and travelling to the heart of the Galaxy to deliver the payload to the only beacon that could wipe out the Wolves for good.
