Galiana, a short slender woman with grey hair stood in front of a class of 20 students with ages varying from 18 to 32. Her face was expressionless, however the horn protruding from her forehead splashed and danced with colours of red, green, blue and yellow. Thoughts and emotions from the collective consciousness of the hive flowed in and out of her mind. Despite the numerous distractions she dedicated her voice to teaching the class "Four hundred years ago, as humanity was colonising the first systems we came across the relics of an alien race, the Amarantin. Their home world was destroyed a million years prior while the last traces of their civilisation hid themselves in the computational matrix of a neutron star. They gave us a warning about the wolves - a self-replicating robotic race that lurked in the shadows of our galaxy hell bent on destroying all life. No negotiations were made as the wolves approached the newly human settled Amarantin system and constructed a weapon - a weapon capable of magnetically drilling to the core of a star and exposing the nuclear flames directly across the system sterilising all inhabitants. A hundred years after those events our collective decided to create this hive, a ship capable of travelling fast enough to constantly run from the wolves and spreading pockets of life across the Milky Way in hopes that our battle of progeny and attrition would pay off. You, the students of the 5th colony will be one of our seeds." A boy of about 22 raised his hand, he had blue eyes and brown hair with a streak of grey across his forehead. "Yes?" Galiana's eyes met his own "I understand it's been 400 years... but have we really exhausted every option of fighting back?" She took a moment to respond recalling all the failed attempts of other colonies, hearing the screams of all those lives being snuffed. "Energy weapons don't really affect them, and the problem isn't each individual bot, the problem is that there a trillions of them, no matter how many you destroy it only takes one to hide away and exponentially grow to a force that can destroy planets and stars once again." The boy hummed and nodded thinking for a moment "I have some experience studying the physics of Conjoiner drives. Do the Wolves react to gravitational waves?" "No" she lied. Joseph sat back in his chair and sighed as the lesson continued. "As you should know the Wolves are attracted to any kind of technological indicator. You must keep your colony under complete radio silence so no sending messages back to your parents in the hive. All heavy industry must be suitably deep under the planets crust. Even after many generations the Wolves will still be out there so just find a way to live a good life." Joseph grumbled as the exciting prospect of living under a rock for the rest of his life was explained to him in great detail. His mind lost focus on the class as he looked over to his friend Matt. Matt was around his age but much shorter with blond hair and blue eyes, he was good with his hands and would often put Joseph's fantastical ideas into practice constructing novel devices. Their proudest project yet was a linear accelerator capable of 5 mega electron volts, enough to accelerate an electron near the speed of light. Outside of studying different types of ores, refining and manufacturing Joseph's passion was studying black holes and space manipulation. Conjoiners are some of the few people that know the crude method of generating a Conjoiner drive - a micro black hole capable of turning mass completely into energy. The only reason humanity ever had the ability to even expand beyond the Sol system was because of Conjoiners. Chemical energy is sufficient to leave a planet, nuclear energy is capable of travelling between planets and around a solar system. Micro black holes and the complete conversion of mass into energy was the jump that humanity needed to develop light huggers, ships capable of travelling close to the speed of light.